Added permission description pages (K8s and AWS) (#207)
castai/docs: docs/guides/kubernetes-permissions.md

| certificates.k8s.io       | certificatesigningrequests/approval            | patch<br/>update                                 | Used for creating a new certificate when adding a node to the cluster |
| certificates.k8s.io       | signers                                        | approve                                          | Applicable only for kubelet                                           |
| core                      | events                                         | list<br/>create<br/>patch                        |                                                                       |
| rbac.authorization.k8s.io | roles<br/>clusterroles<br/>clusterrolebindings | get<br/>patch<br/>update<br/>delete<br/>escalate | Applicable for all CAST AI Components                                 |
| core                      | namespace                                      | delete                                           | Applicable only for CAST AI Agent                                     |

### Namespace wide (castai-agent) permissions used by Cluster Controller

> Among many things Cluster Controller performs CAST AI components upgrades.

Reviewer: `many things` sound secure :D Can we rephrase this sentence to something like this 
```suggestion
One of the main task of Cluster Controller is to performs CAST AI components upgrades.
```

Cluster Controller is granted with **all permissions in castai-agent namespace** which is required for the current and future updates.
Additionally, Cluster Controller is granted with two cluster wide permissions to be able to manage RBAC of CAST AI components and possibility to delete CAST AI namespace (see above).

## CAST AI Evictor (Phase 2)

When a cluster is onboarded with CAST AI for cost optimisation (Phase 2), there are more components installed (not just Cluster Controller).
One other CAST AI components is Evictor - its responsibility is to minimize amount of nodes used by the cluster.

### Cluster wide permissions used by Evictor

> When installed Evictor manipulates non CAST AI pods, so it requires a set to cluster wide permissions:

Reviewer 2: maybe would make sense to specify that it requires `ClusterRole` for cluster-wide permissions
